## Assignment02: Pilot UT

### What is User Testing?
Usability refers to the effectiveness, efficiency, satisfaction that something provides. The purpose of User Testing is to collect empirical data through observing individuals using and performing realistic tasks with the product. The goal of a usability test is to ultimately improve the usabilit of the test by eliminating frustration, informing design, and improving profitability. 

For our user testing, we focused on the app [BeReal](https://bere.al/en). Our participant completed the study with this [UT Test Survey](https://forms.gle/9XyNxXfXLqorKahK8). Here is the [link to pilot UT video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SnP3w4QwoUsD4dOG2XM0b796JEVeguar/view?usp=sharing) and here is the [screen recording of the user's phone](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ahrGWD4k7ksoBcH72_H0kqSD1FuF7jaH/view?usp=sharing). Our [research guide and interview notes are here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uYXBi7uf4Uf8gIlBGfap03EpEge6lUoB7bC_aaYL3Fc/edit?usp=sharing).

### Reflection
- This pilot test was conducted over zoom at UCLA. The user was asked to complete a few tasks on the app BeReal and assess the navigability and functionality of the app. Through this pilot test, I learned how to effectively set up a UT survey including the consent and orientation aspects.  I learned the importance of maintaining a healthy moderation with the participant and not interupting when they ran into issues or when they asked questions. 
- The user's overall feeling towards the app was positive. They were able to navigate the app fairly easily and pointed out that they liked the simplicity and efficiency of the app. Through doing the tasks, we were able to identify several glitches and limitations, such as the limited number of time zones or that there is no "user doesn't exist" tab. In addition, you cannot go back to view what people have commented or reacted on your past BeReals. When the time zone is switched, one's BeReal is also deleted which the user was surprised by.
- When looking at the data and observing the participant's usage of the app, we see several flaws within it's design. To start, it is quite hard to find the delete function on the app as it is hidden. Instead of a simple delete, it asks you to explain why it is being deleted. The app's emphasis is on authenticity and "being real", so I think this feature is purposefully hard to find, but say you post something explicit, it would be hard to know where and how one can delete their post. Secondly, when searching for friends, it does not prompt you with an error message - you are simply led to a dead end. To improve, the app could benefit from saying "user not found" instead. Thirdly, the time zone feature is very hidden as well; upon changing it, the user's BeReal is completely deleted which shocked them. 
- Depending on what we are testing, in order to improve our UT, I would want to test a variety of users in different age groups and with different technological backgrounds. My participant was tech-saavy and had already used the app before, so it was not super new to her. I think it is super crucial to test different audiences so that the app can be as accessible as possible for all. 
